---
layout: post
title:  Swivt Test – 2
description: 
# thumbnail: ../../../../../assets/Correl.png
author: Dipak Pulami Magar
date:   2025-11-11 10:12:45 +0545
categories: test
status: draft
---

1. Print the first and last letter of the string "PythonIsFun". 
2. Write a program that repeats "I love Python! " 5 times. (String Replication)
3. Reverse the string "DataScience" using slicing. 
4. Combine the strings "Data" and "Science" with a space in between. (String Concatenation)
5. Create an acronym generator: National Aeronautics Space Administration → NASA. 
6. Make the first letter of each word in "python is awesome" uppercase. 
7. Slice out the word "Python" from "Learning Python is fun!". 
8. Create a string "Python" and print it without the 'o'. 
9. Ask the user to input 5 favorite foods one by one and store them in a list. Then print the list in reverse order.
10. Take a list and reverse it.
11. Take a string and print characters at even indexes.
12. Ask the user for a word list and replace all occurrences of "bad" with "good".
13. Print only the first and last items of this list: ["burger", "pizza", "pasta", "noodles", "momo"].
14. Take an age as input. If the person is 18 or older, print "You can vote!", else print "Too young to vote." 
15. Ask the user for a number. Print whether it’s even or odd. 
16. Write a program to check if a number is positive, negative, or zero. 
17. Ask the user for a password. If it matches "secret123", print "Access granted!", else "Wrong password!". 
18. Name Formatter :Ask the user to enter their full name and print:
    - First name 
    - Last name 
    - Initials 
    - Total number of characters (excluding spaces)
19. Reverse Words: Input a sentence and print each word in reverse order: "Hello World" → "olleH dlroW" 
20. Check Palindrome :Ask for a word and check whether it’s a palindrome. 
21. Multiplication Table Generator :Ask the user for a number and print its multiplication table up to 10. 
22. Password Checker (3 Chances) :Set a password. Allow the user to guess it with only 3 attempts. 
23. Print numbers from 1 to 50:
    - If divisible by 3, print "Fizz" 
    - If divisible by 5, print "Buzz" 
24.  Prime Number Checker: Ask the user for a number and check if it is prime. 
25.  List Reverser with Loop: Take a list and reverse it. 
26.  Find and Replace in List Ask the user for a word list and replace all occurrences of "bad" with "good". 
27.  Pyramid Pattern Input number n, print a pyramid of * with n rows. 
        ```
        * 
        ** 
        *** 
        ****
        ``` 
28. Split and Store Words Input a sentence, split it into words, and store them in a list. Print each word on a new line.
29. Dataset link: [https://pynative.com/ /uploads/2019/01/company_sales_data.csv](https://pynative.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/01/company_sales_data.csv)
    1. Exercise 1: Read Total profit of all months and show it using a line plot
    2. Exercise 2: Get total profit of all months and show line plot with the following Style properties. Generated line plot must include following Style properties: –
        - Line Style dotted and Line-color should be red
        - Show legend at the lower right location.
        - X label name = Month Number
        - Y label name = Sold units number
        - Add a circle marker.
        - Line marker color as read
        - Line width should be 3
    3.  Exercise 3: Read all product sales data and show it using a multiline plot
    4.  Exercise 4: Read toothpaste sales data of each month and show it using a scatter plot
    5.  Exercise 5: Read face cream and facewash product sales data and show it using the bar chart
    6.  Exercise 6: Read sales data of bathing soap of all months and show it using a bar chart. Save this plot to your hard disk
    7.  Exercise 7: Read the total profit of each month and show it using the histogram to see the most common profit ranges
    8.  Exercise 8: Calculate total sale data for last year for each product and show it using a Pie chart
    9.  Exercise 9: Read Bathing soap facewash of all months and display it using the Subplot
    10. Exercise Question 10: Read all product sales data and show it using the stack plot.
